SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS IS A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND KLEAR GAMES, LLC.
PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE INSTALLING AND/OR
OPERATING THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE.

BY INSTALLING AND OPERATING THIS APPLICATION YOU ARE AGREEING TO ENTER
THIS AGREEMENT IN AN ELECTRONIC FORMAT AND BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS. IF YOU
DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, KLEAR GAMES IS UNWILLING
TO GRANT A LICENSE OF THE SOFTWARE TO YOU.

Subject to the conditions contained herein, Klear Games, LLC,
("Licensor") hereby grants you ("Licensee") a limited, non-exclusive
license to use Reiner Knizia’s Samurai© for Windows ("Software").

1.	This is an agreement between Licensor and Licensee, who is being
licensed to use the named Software.

2.	Licensee acknowledges that this is only a limited nonexclusive
license.  Licensor is and remains the owner of all title, rights, and
interests in and to the Software.

3.	Licensee may use the Software on a single computer.  Licensee may
install the Software on more than one computer as long as the Software
will not be used on more than one computer simultaneously.  Licensee may
make one copy of the Software for backup purposes only.

4.	Licensee may not (i) copy or allow the copying by others of (other
than once for back-up purposes) all or any portion of the Software;
(ii) distribute, rent, lease or sublicense all or any portion of the
Software; (iii) modify or prepare derivative works of the Software;
(iv) transmit the Software over a network, by telephone, or
electronically using any means; or (v) reverse engineer, decompile or
disassemble the Software.  Licensee agrees to use best efforts to
prevent and protect the Software from unauthorized disclosure or use.

5.	Licensee may transfer the Software, but only if the recipient agrees
to accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  If Licensee
transfers the Software, Licensee must transfer all computer programs and
documentation and erase any copies residing on computer equipment.  This
license is automatically terminated if Licensee transfers the Software.

6.	This Software is subject to a limited warranty.  Licensor warrants
to Licensee that any physical medium on which this Software is
distributed is free from defects in materials and workmanship under
normal use, the Software will perform according to its printed
documentation, and to the best of Licensor’s knowledge Licensee’s use of
this Software according to the printed documentation is not an
infringement of any third party’s intellectual property rights.  This
limited warranty lasts for a period of thirty (30) days after delivery.
To the extent permitted by law, THE ABOVE-STATED LIMITED WARRANTY
REPLACES ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND LICENSOR
DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  No agent of Licensor is authorized to make any other
warranties or to modify this limited warranty.  Any action for breach of
this limited warranty must be commenced within one year of the
expiration of the warranty.  Because some jurisdictions do not allow any
limit on the length of an implied warranty, the above limitation may not
apply to this Licensee.  If the law does not allow disclaimer of implied
warranties, then any implied warranty is limited to 30 (30) days after
delivery of the Software to Licensee.  Licensee has specific legal
rights pursuant to this warranty and, depending on Licensee’s
jurisdiction, may have additional rights.

7.	In case of a breach of the Limited Warranty, Licensee’s exclusive
remedy is as follows:  Licensee will return all copies of the Software
to Licensor, at Licensee’s cost, along with proof of purchase.
(Licensee can obtain a step-by-step explanation of this procedure,
including a return authorization code, by contacting Licensor at P.O.
Box 140620, Dallas, TX 75214 or email: support@klear.com.)  At Licensor’s
option, Licensor will either send Licensee a replacement copy of the
Software, at Licensor’s expense, or issue a full refund.

8.	Notwithstanding the foregoing, LICENSOR IS NOT LIABLE TO LICENSEE
FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING COMPENSATORY, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY,
PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, CONNECTED WITH OR RESULTING FROM
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT OR LICENSEE’S USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  Licensee’s
jurisdiction may not allow such a limitation of damages, so this
limitation may not apply.

9.	Licensee agrees to defend and indemnify Licensor and hold Licensor
harmless from all claims, losses, damages, complaints, or expenses
connected with or resulting from Licensee’s business operations.

10.	This License Agreement is effective until terminated.  Licensee may
terminate it at any time by destroying the Software, including all
computer programs and documentation, and erasing any copies residing on
computer equipment.  Licensor has the right to terminate this License
Agreement and Licensee’s right to use this Software if Licensee fails to
comply with any terms or conditions of this Agreement .

11.	Licensee agrees to return to Licensor or to destroy all copies of
the Software upon termination of the License.

12.	This License Agreement is the entire and exclusive agreement between
Licensor and Licensee regarding this Software.  This License Agreement
replaces and supersedes all prior negotiations, dealings, and agreements
between Licensor and Licensee regarding this Software.

13.	This License Agreement is governed by the law of state of Texas
applicable to Texas contracts.

14.	This License Agreement is valid without Licensor’s signature.  It
becomes effective upon the earlier of Licensee’s signature or Licensee’s
use of the Software.
